Redact vignettes (#205)
insightsengineering/teal.data: vignettes/teal-data-reproducibility.Rmd

---
title: "teal_data reproducibility"
author: "NEST CoreDev"
output: rmarkdown::html_vignette
vignette: >
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{`teal_data` reproducibility}
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
  %\VignetteEncoding{UTF-8}
---

# Reproducibility of `teal_data` objects

> Reproducibility is a primary function of the `qenv` class which `teal_data` inherits from. Every data modification in `teal_data` object is performed in a encapsulated environment, separate from the global environment. It's important to note that the reproducibility of this object is limited only to the data-code relationship. Other aspects such the reliability of the data source, reproducibility of the R session (including package versions), and creation and use of objects from other environments (e.g. `.GlobalEnvironment`) can't be verified properly by the `teal_data`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reproducibility is a primary function of the `qenv` class, which `teal_data` inherits from. Every data modification in `teal_data` object is performed in an encapsulated environment, separate from the global environment. It's important to note that the reproducibility of this object is limited only to the data-code relationship. Other aspects such as the reliability of the data source, reproducibility of the R session (including package versions), and creation and use of objects from other environments (e.g. `.GlobalEnvironment`) cannot be verified properly by the `teal_data`.
```

## Verification status

> `teal_data` objects that are instantiated empty are created as _verified_. Object can be modified only through `eval_code()` and `within()` functions to make sure that the code is saved in the object and always evaluated in the correct environment. Evaluating code in a `teal_data` object _does not_ change its verification status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`teal_data` objects that are instantiated empty are created as _verified_. Objects can be modified only through `eval_code()` and `within()` functions to ensure that the code is saved in the object and always evaluated in the correct environment. Evaluating code in a `teal_data` object _does not_ change its verification status.
```
